I love it I love being part of this
group because it makes me confident that
if something new happens that's
important I'm going to hear about it
Google ads moves far too quick to not
have help from the best in the space and
the PPC Hub is definitely showing why
they are the best in the space and why
it's worth you being a part of that
Community I expected high quality but
the quality that really impressed me has
gone much further than what I was
expecting I joined PPC hub for the
courses and the courses are amazing but
one of the reasons why I'm absolutely
going to stay there is because there's
other benefits that we weren't expecting
so if we have a question or a problem
about an account um we can ask and it
gets answered by other PPC Specialists
and there's different uh views and you
can take what you want but it gives
Clarity to problems and even if you're
you're doing something you you ask is
there a better way of doing this you're
getting input which is absolutely
Priceless and saves you so much much
time as well as improves your accounts
and what I like the most about the PC up
is the friendly Community yeah it really
feels like I have over 300 international
colleagues now and a
support system behind me that whatever
my challenge is or question there's
always someone that can help me and
that's such a nice feeling and it's not
only the community that is involved here
also miles and Bob are really involved
and you can um um yeah really learn from
them and learn from the other experts
and you can also share your own
knowledge and I also feel that this is
like really cool I've already met a lot
of people great people great Specialists
here and you know what and I even
started a small partnership here now I
have a community that uh I can learn
from them they're like-minded people and
it's not all about knowledge but on the
other hand I learn from them how they
can handle their stress how they are
managing day-to-day activity what tools
they are using for the Google ads even
what type of headset they are using and
that's was something I was looking for
because I always feel alone in the
marketing groups but now it was
different how the information is
presented in bpc Hub is the most
efficient way possible because you see
you find all those blogs the content out
there but having the right kind of
information in the form of a road map up
and then resources and courses to back
it up is something that increased my
knowledge and I you know I negotiated my
position in the company that I'm
currently working at after joining the
community I feel more confidence to
propose things to my clients I think
everyone who works in Google ads should
be in this community because it gives so
much back and it will ensure you that
you do the best job possible for your
clients it's probably one of the best
investments I have done for my personal
Google ads career or for my career as a
PPC specialist and if you're thinking
about improving your own career and
staying at The Cutting Edge which is
important you need a group uh if not PPC
Hub I don't know where you're going to
find it um that can keep you sharp and
you can bounce ideas off of so I love
the group I plan to stay with it forever
I would definitely recommend for anyone
who's on the fence about it like get in
it's a great community um come in
expecting to learn and contribute and
the more you put into it the the more
you'll get out of it so my huge thank
you for uh the bpc app owners I owe you
a lot and I will continue in this family
for a long time I would 100% recommend
PPC Hub there is I wouldn't want to run
my business now without it um It's Made
not just me better at what I do but it's
also changing how we view our business
and how we run our business and that's a
lot more than I was expecting when I
joined I was just expecting Great
Courses they did that and then some so
yeah it's well worth
it